hello other I'm Hank Hill hi nice to
meet you how's your weekend you do some
shopping yes well you want well i'd like
to tell you what Strickland can do to
meet your energy needs oh I'm not
interested in that now you listen to me
mister you see it Strickland the
customer comes first it's kind of
interesting the word customer begins
with c you weld it shut up i'm talking
here sorry you see it Strickland the
customer comes first it's kind of
interesting the word customer begins
with c you well we don't see you as just
another sale but as a member of our team
do you understand what I'm saying yes
well what do you think what is it now
sell propane and propane accessories No
Deal maybe I'm not getting through to
you what about the guy you lobotomized
to teeka the refund Carlos does that you
know this is me Arnold Schwarzenegger
loser you're a loser the fuck are you I
apologize for yelling at you the names
Hank Hill yeah worship you now I'm not
saying you're not good at what you do
I'm just saying I'm better don't be
ridiculous he's hi Brooks money comes in
favors go out the people lose it doesn't
matter if you're democrat or republican
if you're young or old the most
important thing is money do you
understand what love means negative I'm
a cybernetic organism mr. I have not
begun to project my anger onto you sue
me dickhead excuse me do you don't have
any goals wrong I want to be the pupils
governor I speak directed with the
people but you just don't listen it's
like you got a problem with
concentration bullshit my candidacy is
all about big check
ancient Sacramento I'm gonna kick your
ass how does that sound for a change
fuck you asshole let me talk to your
mother say what what are you turning
into some kind of feminist that's right
I am I have the utmost respect for women
get your mother please know your kids
are soft you like discipline join me now
you idiot no do it do it don't be
economic girly man what's the point in
arguing just think about it yes yes all
right good if you want to be me don't
act a little bit more manly what are you
implying unfortunately I have to leave
at the plane to catch wait a minute fuck
you I've got the strangest feeling
someone's gonna kick his ass this is me
our Schwarzenegger don't worry
everything is under control I swear I
will not kill anyone California you are
mine now you belong to me governor gray
davis your fucking choir boy compared to
me a choirboy join Arnold calm you're
not gonna have your mommy's lumpy
hydrating 15 below do this